# Before you upgrade to Nucleus 2 from Nucleus 1.x

[Please read the Nucleus 2.0.1 release notes before upgrading.](https://ore.spongepowered.org/Nucleus/Nucleus/versions/2.0.1)

If you need help to decide which version of Nucleus to use, [please visit our guide on how to choose](https://v2.nucleuspowered.org/docs/howto/version-choice.html).

For the things YOU need to do as a server owner, [please visit our instructions on how to upgrade](https://v2.nucleuspowered.org/docs/howto/migrate.html).

# New Features

## Reworked the First Join System

The first join system has been a little wonky, so I've rebuilt it to try to make it more stable. User data files will be updated to take advantage of the new system,
no current players should be re-granted first join kits etc. on the first login after updating to this version - `data_version` will be set to `2` and 
`firstJoinProcessed` will be added, set to `true` for all players that have an existing Nucleus data file.

A new config option, `core.check-first-date-played-on-first-joined` (default `true`), will determine whether Sponge will be checked to see if a player has previously
joined. If `false`, Nucleus will simply use the `firstJoinProcessed` data in the user file, if the file exists.

A new permission, `nucleus.nucleus.firstjoin.exempt` (notice the extra `nucleus`, that's intentional) allows you to specify players that can never trigger first join.
This permission is in the `NONE` preset.

There is also a new command: `/nucleus resetfirstjoin <user>` allows you to reset a player's first join status. Resetting won't work if the 
`core.check-first-date-played-on-first-joined` config option is set to `true`, or if the player has the `nucleus.nucleus.firstjoin.exempt` permission.  

# New APIs 

* `NucleusPlayerMetadataService.Result` now includes a way to see if Nucleus will treat a player as a new player on the next login. 

# Bug Fixes

* Fixed the `/warp delete` permission.
* Fixed an incorrect translation key for `/checkban` and `/unban`.