# Nucleus 3.0 BETA

Nucleus 3 is a major rewrite of pretty much the entire plugin to support SpongeAPI 8.0.

As it stands, Nucleus 3 is NOT 100% stable. Please help testing, and please let us know of any bugs on Github issues!

No docs are available either, but most of v3 will operate on a user level the same as v2. Documentation will follow at a later stage.

**If you are upgrading from a previous version, data conversion is NOT GUARANTEED at this stage. Please make a backup BEFORE upgrading. AS ALWAYS, WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DATA LOSS.**

Changes and updates will be provided in future release notes, but most of what you know should still be there.

## Changes from 3.0.0 Beta 6

* Creating a kit using `/kit create` or editing using `/kit edit` no longer causes duplicate items when adding a stack to the inventory
* Kits now load from file, the loading routine was incomplete and failing
* An error that occurred when running `/seen` has been resolved
* User homes are now retains across server restarts (they were saved, but not loaded properly)

## Changes from 3.0.0 Beta 5

Fixes user and general data not being saved due to various bugs.

## Changes from 3.0.0 Beta 4

* This reverts the workaround below, make sure you're using the latest versions of Sponge.
* Fix /tpa not working with an Unknown Error.

## Changes from 3.0.0 Beta 3

This is a quick fix to prevent the biggest errors with commands. Future updates will refine these.

* Fix NPE in certain failure conditions 
* Workaround to commands where messages may not be displayed.

## Changes from 3.0.0 Beta 2

Thank you to everyone who has been reporting issues to be, either directly or via Github Issues

* Home related commands now function correctly.
* Commands that open an Inventory GUI now function correctly.
* `/vanish` now works correctly
* Fix exception when getting some messages
* Fix staff chat not working as expected
* Disabled kit commands by default to protect servers against misconfigured permissions.
* Now using SpongeAPI 8.1

## Changes from 3.0.0 Beta 1

The following issues have been addressed:

* Sometimes, attempting to read the Spawn configuration when a player joins causes a null exception. This has been worked around, a proper fix is being investigated.
* Nucleus no longer uses ResourcePacks for copying assets as they are not implemented in SpongeForge as of yet.